Reporting/diagnostics (#74314)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/reporting/reporting-troubleshooting.asciidoc

* <<reporting-troubleshooting-puppeteer-debug-logs>>
* <<reporting-troubleshooting-system-requirements>>

[float]
[[reporting-troubleshooting-diagnostics]]
=== Reporting Diagnostics

> Reporting comes with a built-in utility to try to automatically find common issues. When Kibana is running, navigate to the Report Listing page, and click the "Run reporting diagnostics..." button. This will open up a diagnostic tool that checks various parts of the Kibana deployment to come up with any relevant recommendations.

Reviewer: Any thoughts or feelings about having the label just be `Reporting diagnostics` instead of the longer phrase?

> Reporting comes with a built-in utility to try and find common issues automatically. When Kibana is running, navigate to the Report Listing page, and click the "Run reporting diagnostics..." button. This will open up a diagnostic tool that allows you to check various parts of reportings technology stack, and see where problems might be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reporting comes with a built-in utility to try to automatically find common issues. When Kibana is running, navigate to the Report Listing page, and click the "Run reporting diagnostics..." button. This will open up a diagnostic tool that checks various parts of the Kibana deployment and produces a list recommendations that are based on the troubleshooting guide.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe:
> This will open up a tool that tests various parts of the Reporting setup against common diagnostic problems.
